---
title: '20220414'
date: 2022-04-14
---

Sometimes, you gotta learn the hard way: There are things I can control and things I cannot control.

## Epiphany

I've had some recent drama at my job, which has lead to a mix of anger, frustration, disappointment and finally, an epiphany.

It's rage inducing that your boss can take a small comment and lash out at you and your team, simply because you realize that we aren't working as a team anymore and the methods in place aren't doing anything. It's frustrating that the company you work at isn't doing anything about your boss's out lash and wants to act like nothing happened. It's disappointing that your team is all about themselves and what they do socially (the water cooler talk), not about the work at hand and doing it right.

But really this is about the epiphany part that I'm concerned about; none of the drama and stupidity that goes on at my job really matters. What matters is that I need to start doing things for me and my career, doing and learning the things I want.

I've always had a deep passion for automation and building things correctly so I can maintained a "well oiled machine". And when you translate that desire over to the world of IT, the "System Administrator" role doesn't really fit that description.

## Enter DevOps

DevOps, or Developer Operations, is a new buzzword/realm that I have decided to start pivoting my career towards, getting me an opportunity to dive into more into cloud technologies, automation, Linux, Python, etc.

How do we get into the DevOps field? First, there isn't just a single DevOps position; there are many! Heck, I still don't even know where exactly that I want to end up. However, I'm working on a roadmap to get me in that direction.

My plan is to use Trello to map out specific technologies/software and what to learn exactly. For example, I have a board that covers Linux things that I want to learn. I have another board for Projects that I want to do, like setting up a DNS server here at home or building a Minecraft server using Kubernetes. As I learn these things, I want to use Obsidian for notetaking and of course, my blog for accountability and thoughts on the process.

Here we go . . .
